BigAnimal: Azure Ultra Disk support (#2762)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/getting_started/creating_a_cluster/index.mdx

    1. Select the instance series and size. See [Sizes for virtual machines in Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/sizes) or [Amazon EC2 Instance Types](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/) for information to help you choose the appropriate instance type. 
  
1.  In the **Storage** section, select your volume type from the **Volume Type** list. 

>     - For Azure, in **Volume Type** select either Premium SSD or Ultra Disk. The advantage of Ultra Disk storage is that you have more control over your cluster's IOPS (input/output operations per second) and disk throughput. See [Using Azure ultra disks](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/disks-enable-ultra-ssd?tabs=azure-portal) for more information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For Azure, in **Volume Type** select either Premium SSD or Ultra Disk. One of the advantage of Ultra Disks apart from providing high performance and low latency you also have control over your disk's IOPS (input/output operations per second) and throughput.  Azure recommends Ultra disk for data-intensive workloads such as SAP HANA, top tier databases, and transaction-heavy workloads. See [Using Azure ultra disks](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/disks-enable-ultra-ssd?tabs=azure-portal) for more information. 
```

      - For Premium SSD, in **Volume Properties**, select the type and amount of storage needed for your cluster. See [Azure Premium SSD storage types](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/disks-types#premium-ssds) for more information. 

>       - For Ultra Disk, in **Volume Properties**, select the disk size and IOPS for your cluster. BigAnimal calculates the throughput based on your IOPS settings. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - For Ultra Disk, in **Volume Properties**, select the disk size and IOPS for your cluster. BigAnimal calculates the throughput based on your IOPS settings. _Be careful_: while setting the required IOPS for the disk you should also consider the VM limits that are tied to the VM size that you have selected before. See [Ultra disk IOPS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/disks-types#ultra-disk-iops) for more information.
```

Reviewer: Good catch, we should also show a warning in the UI (until  IOPS with VMs cap ourselves) ?

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/EnterpriseDB/docs/pull/2762/commits/f19ec677f23722658eec67537650b636a175788b

Reviewer 2: > Good catch, we should also show a warning in the UI (until we validate IOPS with VMs cap ourselves) ?

I agree, this can be a useful warning I think that will improve the UX, and maybe later don't allow the user to go over the maximum value as you said
